---
layout: post
---
Laura asked me on a date today, we're going for dinner and a movie, I can't wait. I've been wondering if I made a mistake, recently, when thinking about our break up. But it's kind of impossible to think about, we're getting on so well right now. Can I say with confidence that we'd be getting on so well if we hadn't broken up, if she hadn't moved into her own place? I really don't know if I can!

That's not to say it was the greatest decision I've ever made, or anything like that. Just that, I'm really happy with how brilliantly we're getting on right now, how excited I am to speak to her and to see her. I also feel guilty, for the timing of our breakup and for being so disruptive to her life in a time when she is embarking on a new career. I don't think she resents me for that, and I'm very grateful. I hope that she feels similarly, at least.

---

I did my second run from the 7 week training plan today, 5 miles in total, it felt GLORIOUS!  Here's the breakdown:
+ 15 minutes warmup
+ 1 minute 'fast' pace
+ 1 minute 'slow' pace
+ Repeat above 2 steps x 10
+ 10 minutes warm down

Intervals are supposed to help build speed, I started to feel REALLY good just after the half way point in the run today, and that feeling hasn't gone away! Gotta go easy with running club and Saturday park runs, they're not part of this program, so I'm gonna treat them like slow recovery runs.

Phil posted his first 'long' run in prep for the HM today, 10 miles of negative splits down to like 8:15 mins - absolute animal! It's hilarious to me that he didn't think he was capable of a half. And it's definitely a kick up my arse, I need to do everything I can in these 7 weeks to get as close to him as possible, in this he is my inspiration!

