---
layout: post
---
This week has been one of the best weeks I've had in a long, long time. There was nothing *particularly* special about this week, but I've been able to avoid get wrapped up in my own insecurities and anxiety loops. Overall I've been much happier on average this week, and on the few occasions that I've felt myself slipping, I've been able to recognise it and bring myself back to **now**.

I definitely credit writing these posts as a large contributor to this - externalising my thoughts has been kind of a ridiculous breakthrough, it's so simple it's kind of embarasing. That's not all, though, I've worked out every day this week, I've changed my sleeping arrangements, and I haven't smoked since Wednesday. 

I've been here before, last year after a holiday in Portugal - something shifted and I transformed my lifestyle, it was incredible. Everything felt so easy and I felt like i was winning at everything. I was only able to keep this up for 3 months, though. When Christmas rolled around, something happened, I felt it brewing for a few weeks beforehand and by the time I finished work for the Christmas break, I'd basically decided to sabotage my own progress and regress into all of the bad habits I had put behind me... That's not how I framed it in my mind, but I feel like I knew what I was doing... I'm not entirely sure why I did that, but I deeply regret it and I'm making a promise to myself not to let it happen again.

I'm not going to be a stranger to my own mind - I'm going to constantly review how i'm feeling, I'm going to support myself through the hard times. 

**I promise, that I won't allow myself to hurt myself like that again.**
