---
layout: post
---
It's been a while! I completed my Half Marathon in November, I made my goal time of sub 2 hours, woohoo! It was really beneficial to follow the 7 week training plan I found. Unfortunately, after that things haven't been going so well...

I think Laura is done with me, in January I was getting frustrated at how little we were seeign each other, so in frustration I said some stupid shit like 'this isn't going to work, is it' - something I regretted very soon after saying, I guess Laura had been thinking something similar though, she took the out and ran with it. She hasn't contacted me since, except the occasional terse reply to my texts, and now I have kind of given up, it seems pretty clear to me that she doesn't want anything to do with me anymore.

I've been struggling withmy mental wellbeing recently, I anticipated a change in mood after the half marathon but everything seemed to change around Christmas. I spent a lot of time off work in December due to dental issues and then a respiratory infection, I spent most of the time alone at home and I think in the times that me and Laura spoke, I was probably kind of needy. Being unwell really took a toll on me and I feel it sapped a lot of positivity that I nurtured over the previous months.

Jan & Feb sort of continued that decline, at this point i've been kind of miserable every day. I finally decided to make an appointment with my Dr to talk about depression, something I think i've been running from for quite a few years now. My appointment was yesterday, I have a prescription for Sertraline (Known as Zoloft in the US) and I have filled out an online form in order to receive some kind of therapy, the Dr mentioned Cognitive Behavioral Therapy which is something i've heard about before and i'm interested to see if it's somethng that can help me.

I want to come back to writing here and refocus this blog in that context. I think it will be helpful to write about my feelings while I am on this medication and trying to do therapy.
